Okay.
So let's add a delete functionality as well.
So we saw the icon and we can put that underneath this one too.
Let's use a line break and then we use that icon that we input earlier.
So close
circle outlined.
Stone and give a bit of a stand just to make the look a little bit better.
And we used to cut off red muslin, right?
Imagine, right?
Ten.
Gonna use this hex value if.
Five.
Doo doo, doo doo.
Lucy Martin, I.
Okay.
I can see if I did this on the last one.
All right.
Okay.
So that was oh this V that I put it outside.
I should put it inside.
Matt So let me cut and I have these images.
So underneath the images I put it here.
So that also means that I have to put everything inside a fragment.
So let me just wrap everything in the fragment like this.
I guess if we get the images, we get Lindberg and we get the icon.
Okay.
So it's them.
But we got a bit of an issue
to solve this.
We can use the Mars component from and design, so let's input that.
That is what I used in this fitness project as virtual and quickly gooner.
Because when we use bears, the nets, it works.
Let's try bears.
And we wrap the images and the eye and everything with the bad.
So actually, we can use this fragment.
Let's use that.
Okay.
That looks bad.
So we could probably put I think we don't need this much as in virtually the same event.
Yeah, I think that's not needed.
It's right in the middle instant.
Maybe we can have a beautiful magazine and talk instead of margin.
Right.
We should use margin models.
Okay.
So that looks a little bit too much.
Let's just press it.
That's better.
All right, so let's make it clickable.
So let's use the on click click.
We use a function so we can execute a function.
Let's call this function and the it means to lead.
And we give the images, actually, we just need to give them this idea.
That's what we need.
So that's the current address.
Can I just have my hair stylist done on click?
So that's closing.
Tony Briskin I guess that's book.
So let's write this function.
Handle it means delete.
So that one we can put right here handling is delayed async.
So basically we're going to make a request to back in a delayed request.
We have already created the endpoint.
Okay.
So here we get the images aid.
All right.
So that will be the argument to include that in Ms..
ID and then here we use excuse against data equals to await excuse to delete.
This time we're making a request.
The end point is let's use back sticks instead of courts.
Thank you so.
It's less media less.
He missed it.
So we're sending them inside as the right parameter so that we'll delete the image, I guess, if data.
Okay.
So if it is deleted, we get the downloaded.
True.
Right.
So if it is true, then what do you want to do is you want to find this deleted image based on the data.
You want to find this student images from the media collection in the context and remove that out.
So for that, we can use the filter function.
Thank you.
So spread out the media properties, whatever is under there.
Now we just want to update the images.
So the media images we apply the filter function and filter function takes another function as an argument.
So here we are filtering out the images ID any images that does not match this one, this image already
because this has been deleted.
So with that filtering, whatever is left.
All that will be saved will be available in the state, excluding this one and the one that is deleted.
All right.
So that is all we need to media at this point.
You want to, if it has been deleted, then selected also.
You want to make it.
No.
Thank you.
Because the null the empty object.
So for some reason, if the images were selected at that time and if it is due to do you want to send
it back to now?
So let me quickly go to the media context.
Context media selected instead of string.
I'm going to give it a different value of none.
That's because when we get the images, when we put the images in the selected field, all our images
are coming from the database.
They all have this object structure.
They have the I.D., they have the posted by.
They have the URL.
So use no instead of string.
All right.
So that should work.
They handle images due to artists at work so we can try.
I guess we've got all these images, for example, this if I want to do this one and you can see that
is gone.
Just to make sure.
Let's reload.
And as you can see, that image is gone.
Beautiful.
Now let's try uploading.
Maybe I've got two more images just to make sure that they appear here.
Okay.
So they are overlapping here.
So that's issue.
Okay.
So under the images uploaded it is automatically the model is closed and the uploaded.
The last one has been sent as a featured image.
This behavior, it happens only when we are using it in our new post component.
But when if you go to the media library and access this, then it will not behave like it will not automatically
close the model.
So we haven't worked on this one yet.
We will come back to this one.
But for creating a post, I think that that makes sense.
But if you don't want to automatically close the model, that is hard to find.
You can just remove that.
So when the.
The media has applauded the agency.
So it said.
So medium model we set it to false.
So you can remove this one if you want to keep showing the model in many of the clips.
But either way, it works.
And we have the images you can to the two images here.